COMPANY: Unknown
FILED: 2024-07-01
SOURCE: SEC EDGAR

EX-10.2 3 ea020874501ex10-2_versus.htm FORM OF SEPARATION AGREEMENT Exhibit 10.2 &nbsp; SEPARATION AGREEMENT &nbsp; This Separation Agreement (this &ldquo; Agreement &rdquo;) is dated for reference as of June 25, 2024 (the &ldquo; Effective Date &rdquo;). &nbsp; BETWEEN: &nbsp; VERSUS SYSTEMS INC , a company incorporated under the laws of British Columbia (&ldquo; Versus &rdquo; or, the &ldquo; Company &rdquo;), &nbsp; MATTHEW PIERCE , the Chief Executive Officer of the Company and a business person having a residential address at 10851 Ocean Drive, Culver City, California, 90230 (&ldquo; Pierce &rdquo;); &nbsp; CRAIG FINSTER , the Chief Financial Officer of the Company and a business person having a residential address at 3530 Twin Oaks Drive, Napa, California 94558 (&ldquo; Finster &rdquo;); and &nbsp; KEYVAN PEYMANI , the Chairman of the Company (&ldquo; Peymani &rdquo;). &nbsp; Each of the Company, Pierce, Finster, and Peymani are a &ldquo; Party &rdquo; and collectively, the &ldquo; Parties &rdquo;. Pierce, Finster, and Peymani are the &ldquo; Departing Parties &rdquo;. &nbsp; WHEREAS: &nbsp; A. The Company and Pierce entered into an employment agreement dated June 30, 2016 which provides inter alia certain rights upon the occurrence of certain events (the &ldquo; Pierce Employment Agreement &rdquo;). &nbsp; B. The Company and Finster entered into an employment agreement dated May 1, 2019 which provides inter alia certain rights upon the occurrence of certain events (the &ldquo; Finster Employment Agreement &rdquo;). &nbsp; C. The Company and Peymani entered into an employment agreement dated May 1, 2020 which provides inter alia certain rights upon the occurrence of certain events (the &ldquo; Peymani Employment Agreement &rdquo; and collectively with the Pierce Employment Agreement and the Finster Employment Agreement, the &ldquo; Departing Parties Employment Agreements &rdquo;). &nbsp; D. The Company has disclosed certain risks, including financial and regulatory, in its most recent SEC filings, including the 10K filed April 1, 2024 and the 10Q filed May 15, 2024. &nbsp; E. The Departing Parties have agreed to bring their relationship as directors and/or officers of the Company to an end and leave the Company in the care of the remaining directors and the officers the remaining directors appoint to replace the Departing Parties. &nbsp; F. The Parties have negotiated an agreement with respect to all matters and issues arising out of and in connection with the Departing Parties relationship with the Company, which will be the full and final settlement of all matters relating to the Departing Parties relationship with the Company and the termination thereof. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; The Parties agree as follows: &nbsp; 1. Recitals. The preamble and the recitals are an integral part of this Agreement and are incorporated herein by reference. &nbsp; 2. Resignation. Effective as of the Effective Date, each of Pierce, Finster, and Peymani resign from the each of their officer and director positions they hold with the Company and any of its affiliates (the &ldquo; Resignations &rdquo;) and will provide the Company with such written instruments as requested by the Company so as to give effect to such person&rsquo;s Resignation. &nbsp; 3. Final Payment. Immediately upon full execution of this Agreement, the Company will pay each of Pierce, Finster, and Peymani a final payment of equal to six months salary, as provided on Schedule A hereto. The board authorizes Pierce and Finster, to effectuate this payment and make these specific distributions. &nbsp; 4. Effect on Employment Agreements. Each of the Departing Party Employment Agreements contain obligations of the Company to pay to the Departing Parties Base Salaries, Annual Bonuses, Benefits, Performance Cash Bonuses, Performance Warrants, or Stock Options upon a Change of Control or if the Departing Party resigns for Good Reason (all such terms have the meaning so assigned by the relevant Employment Agreement, and all such payments, the &ldquo; Contingent Payments &rdquo;). The Departing Parties each waive all claims to any of the aforementioned Contingent Payments whether or not anything single event or series of events has or may have triggered, or may trigger in the future any such Contingent Payment for any reason. &nbsp; 5. Non-Disparagement . The Departing Parties and the Company will not, for a period of two (2) years after the Effective Date, directly or indirectly, in any manner whatsoever, including either individually, in partnership, jointly, or in conjunction with any other Person, defame or disparage the commercial, business or reputation, including without limitation financial, business acumen, or personal reputation, of any other Party or such Party&rsquo;s Affiliates, including without limitation shareholders, officers, directors, or any of their products or services, or do anything that does or could in the determination of the other Party in its sole discretion, bring the other Party, any of its brands, products, or services or personal or business life into disrepute or into a scandal, or would otherwise negatively affect such Party&rsquo;s reputation and influence, including through any misconduct or reprehensible behaviour. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no factual response to a regulatory authority, Nasdaq, or any government proceeding, including subpoenas, shall constitute a breach of this provision. &nbsp; 6. Announcement. The Company&rsquo;s announcement of the departure of the Departing Parties will be as set out in Exhibit &ldquo;A&rdquo; hereto. &nbsp; 7. Indemnification Agreements . The Departing Parties will each enter into an indemnification agreement in the form attached as Exhibit &quot;B&quot; (the &quot; Indemnity Agreement &quot;) which Indemnity Agreement will be executed and delivered by each of the Departing Parties and the Company prior to the Effective Date. &nbsp; 8. Mutual Releases: &nbsp; (a) The Company on its behalf and on behalf of each of its respective shareholders, directors, officers, employees, agents, and other representatives, both current and former, and each of the respective heirs, executors, administrators, legal personal representatives, successors, and assigns of the foregoing do hereby irrevocably and unconditionally release and discharge each of the Departing Parties from any and all Released Claims. &ldquo; Released Claims &rdquo; means any and all claims, actions, manners of actions, causes of action, suits, proceedings, executions, judgements, duties, debts, sums of money, accounts, dues, bonds, indemnity, expenses, interest, costs, fines, penalties, contracts, and covenants (whether express or implied), demands, losses, injuries, proceedings and claims for injuries, losses, legal and professional fees and assessments or amounts of any kind whatsoever (including any loss or damage not yet ascertained), damages or liabilities whatsoever, whether under statute, contract, common law, or in equity (collectively, &ldquo; Claims &rdquo;), which the Company has now, or may have in the future, against the Departing Parties resulting from, relating to or arising out of or in connection with any cause, matter, or thing existing up to and including the Effective Date. The Company represents and warrants that it has not assigned any of the Claims which are the subject of this Agreement and the release. &nbsp; 2 &nbsp; &nbsp; (b) The Departing Parties irrevocably and unconditionally release and discharge the Company and its respective shareholders, directors, officers, employees, agents, and other representatives, both current and former, and each of the respective heirs, executors, administrators, legal personal representatives, successors, and assigns from any and all Company Released Claims (as defined below), except for the Company Excluded Claims (as defined below). &ldquo; Company Claims &rdquo; means any and all Claims which the Departing Parties have now, or may have in the future, against the Company resulting from, relating to or arising out of or in connection with any cause, matter or thing existing up to and including the date hereof, including without limitation any claims rising from the Departing Parties Employment Agreements. &ldquo; Company Excluded Claims &rdquo; means any Claims that the Departing Parties now have, or may have in the future, against the Company resulting from, relating to or arising out of or in connection with: (a) such Departing Party&rsquo;s rights to indemnity under law or under the Indemnification Agreement; (b) such Departing Party&rsquo;s rights to contribution or indemnification with respect to coverage under any applicable directors&rsquo; and officers&rsquo; insurance policy of the Company, if any; or (c) fraud, breach of fiduciary duty, or willful misconduct on the part of the Company. The Departing Parties represent and warrant that they have not assigned any of the Claims which are the subject of this Release. &nbsp; 9. California Civil Code Section 1542. It is the clear and unequivocal intention of the Parties that this Agreement shall be effective to fully and finally release, discharge, and acquit all claims released pursuant to this Agreement. In furtherance of said intention, the Parties acknowledge that they have read and understand Section 1542 of the Civil Code of the State of California, which provides as follows: &nbsp; A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS THAT THE CREDITOR OR RELEASING PARTY DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE AND THAT, IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER, WOULD HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR OR RELEASED PARTY. &nbsp; Being aware of said Civil Code section, the Parties hereby expressly, knowingly, and intentionally waive any rights they may have thereunder, as well as under any other statute or common law principles of similar effect under any state 