COMPANY: Unknown
FILED: 2024-11-25
SOURCE: SEC EDGAR

EX-3.1 2 ea022217801ex3-1_envestnet.htm SIXTH AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF ENVESTNET, INC., DATED AS OF NOVEMBER 25, 2024 Exhibit 3.1 &nbsp; SIXTH AMENDED AND RESTATED &nbsp; CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION &nbsp; of &nbsp; Envestnet, Inc. &nbsp; 1. The name of this corporation is Envestnet, Inc. (the &ldquo; Corporation &rdquo;). &nbsp; 2. The registered office of the Corporation in the State of Delaware is located at 4001 Kennett Pike, Suite 302, in the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle 19807. The name of its registered agent at such address is Maples Fiduciary Services (Delaware) Inc. &nbsp; 3. The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the &ldquo; DGCL &rdquo;). &nbsp; 4. The total number of shares of stock that the Corporation shall have authority to issue is one thousand (1,000) shares of Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share. Each share of Common Stock shall be entitled to one vote. &nbsp; 5. Except as otherwise provided in the provisions establishing a class of stock, the number of authorized shares of any class or series of stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of the corporation entitled to vote irrespective of the provisions of Section 242(b)(2) of the DGCL. &nbsp; 6. The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the board of directors (the &ldquo; Board of Directors &rdquo;). The size of the Board of Directors shall be determined as set forth in the bylaws of the Corporation, as in effect from time to time (the &ldquo; Bylaws &rdquo;). The election of directors need not be by written ballot unless the Bylaws shall so require. &nbsp; 7. In furtherance and not in limitation of the power conferred upon the Board of Directors by law, the Board of Directors shall have power to make, adopt, alter, amend and repeal from time to time the Bylaws of the Corporation, subject to the right of the stockholders entitled to vote with respect thereto to alter and repeal Bylaws made by the Board of Directors. &nbsp; 8. To the fullest extent permitted by law, a director or officer of the Corporation shall not be personally liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director. If the DGCL or any other law of the State of Delaware is amended after approval by the stockholders of this paragraph to authorize corporate action further eliminating or limiting the personal liability of directors or officers, then the liability of a director or officer of the Corporation shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL as so amended. Any repeal or modification of the foregoing provisions of this paragraph by the stockholders of the Corporation shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director or officer of the Corporation existing at the time of, or increase the liability of any director or officer of the Corporation with respect to any acts or omissions of such director or officer occurring prior to, such repeal or modification. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; 9. &nbsp; A. Liability . A director or officer of the Corporation shall not be personally liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for any breach of fiduciary duty as a director or officer, except for liability (i) for any breach of the director&rsquo;s or officer&rsquo;s duty of loyalty to the Corporation or its stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (iii) under Section 174 of the DGCL, or (iv) for any transaction from which the director or officer derived an improper personal benefit. If the DGCL is amended after approval by the stockholder of this Section 9 to authorize corporate action further eliminating or limiting the personal liability of directors or officers, then the liability of a director or officer, as applicable, shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, as so amended. &nbsp; B. General Right to Indemnification and Advancement . Each person who is or was a director or officer of the Corporation or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another Corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise (including the heirs, executors, administrators or estate of such person), shall be indemnified and advanced expenses by the Corporation, in accordance with the provisions of this Section 9, to the fullest extent authorized by law, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended (but, in the case of any such amendment, only to the extent that such amendment permits the Corporation to provide broader indemnification rights than said law permitted the Corporation to provide prior to such amendment) or any other applicable laws as presently or hereinafter in effect. The right to indemnification and advancement of expenses hereunder shall not be exclusive of any other right that any person may have or hereafter acquire under any statute, provision of the certificate of incorporation or bylaws of the Corporation, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise. &nbsp; C. General . The Corporation shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the Corporation), by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director or officer of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director or officer of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys&rsquo; fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if such person acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful. The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, have reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful. &nbsp; D. Actions by or in the Right of the Corporation . The Corporation shall indemnify to the fullest extent permitted by law any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the Corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director or officer of the Corporation or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director or officer of another corporation, partnership, joint venture or trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys&rsquo; fees) actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if such person acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation and except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the Corporation unless and only to the extent that the Court of Chancery or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper. &nbsp; 2 &nbsp; &nbsp; E. Indemnification Against Expenses . To the extent that a present or former director or officer of the Corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding referred to in Sections 9(C) and 9(D), or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, such person shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys&rsquo; fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection therewith. &nbsp; F. Board Determinations . Any indemnification under Sections 9(C) and 9(D) (unless ordered by a court) shall be made by the Corporation only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination that indemnification of the present or former director or officer is proper in the circumstances because such person has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in Sections 9(C) and 9(D). Such determination shall be made with respect to a person who is a director or officer at the time of such determination: (a) by a majority vote of the directors who were not parties to such action, suit or proceeding, even though less than a quorum; (b) by a committee of such directors designated by majority vote of such directors, even though less than a quorum; or (c) if there are no such disinterested directors, by the stockholders. &nbsp; G. Advancement of Expenses . Expenses incurred by an officer or director in defending a civil or criminal action, suit or proceeding may be paid by the Corporation in advance of the final disposition of s