COMPANY: Unknown
FILED: 2024-01-30
SOURCE: SEC EDGAR

EX-10.1 2 ex10-1.htm &nbsp; Exhibit 10.1 &nbsp; CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION MARKED BY [*] HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH NOT MATERIAL AND IS THE TYPE OF INFORMATION THAT THE REGISTRANT CUSTOMARILY AND ACTUALLY TREATS AS PRIVATE AND CONFIDENTIAL. &nbsp; Stone Blossom Capital LLC Consulting Agreement &nbsp; THIS AGREEMENT (the &ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;) is made as of January 23, 2024, by and between Stone Blossom Capital, LLC (&ldquo;Consultant&rdquo;) and Medmen Enterprises Inc. and its affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;). &nbsp; Company desires to retain Consultant to render business advice as further set forth in Appendix A (the &ldquo;Services&rdquo;). With the consideration of the covenants herein as well as other valuable consideration receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, Consultant and Company agree as follows: &nbsp; 1. Incorporation of Recitals and Attachments. All the foregoing Recitals are hereby incorporated herein and made a part hereof by this reference. Further, any terms, conditions and provisions of all attachments, exhibits and appendices to this Agreement are incorporated and made a part hereof by this reference. &nbsp; 2. Consulting Duties and Obligations. Consultant agrees to provide the Services to Company and such other tasks and duties, as the Company may deem necessary to complete the Services. The Consultant and Company agree that Consultant will not provide any legal advice or legal services in connection with the Services. &nbsp; 3. Non-exclusive. The Services provided by Consultant are non-exclusive and Consultant is free to provide similar services to other non-related clients. &nbsp; 4. Legal Representations. Consultant possesses the academic background and professional experience necessary to perform the Services. Company acknowledges that a principal of Consultant is affiliated with Buchalter APC and cannot provide any legal advice to Company. Any legal advice for the Company must be obtained from other attorneys (not Richard P. Ormond) as Company may require. Consultant is permitted to engage Buchalter APC for and on behalf of itself or on behalf of the Company, if necessary, as set forth in Appendix A . &nbsp; 5. Compensation. See Appendix A. &nbsp; 6. Term and Termination. This Agreement is for a minimum six-month term (&ldquo;Initial Term&rdquo;) and can be renewed on a month-to-month basis thereafter. This Agreement may be terminated upon ten (10) days written notice, subject to the compensation terms set forth in Appendix A . &nbsp; 7. Independent Contractor &nbsp; &nbsp; (1) The Company and Consultant acknowledge and agree that Consultant has no power or authority to act for, or on behalf of, the Company or to bind the Company to any matter without the prior, written approval of the Company. Consultant is authorized by Company to provide similar services and advice to other clients. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; (2) Both Consultant and the Company acknowledge and agree that the relationship created by this Agreement is that of independent contractor and not that of employee and employer. Consultant is responsible for the payment of any taxes, including but not limited to all federal, state, and local personal and business income taxes, sales and use taxes, other business taxes and license fees arising out of the activities of Consultant. Consistent with the full performance of the terms of this Agreement, Consultant shall have sole control of the manner and means of performing under this Agreement. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; (3) Consultant is responsible for all office and other expenses incurred by Consultant in connection with the performance of services hereunder. As further set forth in Appendix &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Stone Blossom Capital LLC Consulting Agreement &nbsp; A, travel related expenses incurred by the Consultant while fulfilling this Agreement will be reimbursed by the Company, subject to Company&rsquo;s prior review and approval. &nbsp; Expense reports must be provided to the Company for reimbursement. &nbsp; 8. Projections; Reliance; Limitation of Duties. You understand that the services to be rendered by the CONSULTANT may include the preparation of projections and other forward-looking statements, and that numerous factors can affect the actual results of the Company&rsquo;s operations, which may materially and adversely differ from those projections and other forward-looking statements. In addition, the CONSULTANT will be relying on information provided by other members of the Company&rsquo;s management in the preparation of those projections and other forward-looking statements. CONSULTANT makes no representation or guarantee that an appropriate restructuring proposal or strategic alternative can be formulated for the Company, that any restructuring proposal or strategic alternative selected by CONSULTANT will be more successful than all other possible restructuring proposals or strategic alternatives, that restructuring or liquidation is the best course of action for the Company or, if formulated, that any proposed restructuring plan, liquidation plan or strategic alternative will be accepted by any of the Company&rsquo;s creditors, shareholders and other constituents. &nbsp; 9. No Third-party Beneficiary. The Company acknowledges that all advice (written or oral) given by Consultant to the Company in connection with this engagement is intended solely for the benefit and use of the Company (limited to its Board of Directors and management) in considering the matters to which this engagement relates. The Company agrees that no such advice shall be used for any other purpose or reproduced, disseminated, quoted or referred to at any time in any manner or for any purpose other than accomplishing the tasks referred to herein without Consultant&rsquo;s prior approval (which shall not be unreasonably withheld), except as required by law. &nbsp; 10. No Guaranty of Results. The Company agrees that Consultant cannot, and is not, guarantying any results. Because the information needed to provide our services, prepare and review financial analyses and reports, business analysis, various financial reports and documents and a Company wind down plan, will be based on assumptions and information provided by the Company, and their advisors, appraisers, accountants, and lawyers, the Company will assume full and complete responsibility for the information prepared. The Company understands and acknowledges that Consultant&rsquo;s work effort, analysis and advice are inherently subjective and that reasonable professionals/individuals reviewing the same information may reach entirely different conclusions. The Company releases Consultant from all responsibility as to the reliability and accuracy of the information provided to Consultant. While we will use our reasonable efforts in assisting the Company to achieve its goals, Consultant cannot guaranty any results or assume any responsibility for the Company&rsquo;s ultimate financial position or survival. &nbsp; 11. Conflicts. Consultant is not currently aware of any relationship that would create a conflict of interest with the Company or those parties-in-interest of which you have made us aware. Because Consultant provides business fiduciary services and serves clients in numerous cases, both in and out of court, it is possible that Consultant may have rendered services to or have business associations with other entities or people which had or have or may have relationships with the Company, including creditors of the Company. Consultant will not represent, and Consultant has not represented, the interests of any such entities or people in connection with this matter. &nbsp; 12. Confidentiality / Non-Solicitation. Consultant shall keep as confidential all non-public information received from the Company in conjunction with this engagement, except (I) as requested by the Company or its legal counsel; (ii) as required by legal proceedings or (iii) as reasonably required in the performance of this engagement. All obligations as to non-disclosure shall cease as to any part of such information to the extent that such information is or becomes public other than because of a breach of this provision. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Stone Blossom Capital LLC Consulting Agreement &nbsp; 13. Hold Harmless. The Company shall hold harmless Consultant to the same extent as the most favorable indemnification it extends to its officers or directors, whether under the Company&rsquo;s charter, bylaws, or other organizational documents or policies (collectively, &ldquo;Corporate Documentation&rdquo;), applicable law, or otherwise, and no reduction or termination in any of the benefits provided under any such indemnities shall affect the benefits provided to Consultant. Absent actual fraud or willful misconduct on the part of Consultant, no action may be brought against the Consultant by or on behalf of any Director or member of the Company or any shareholder or their assigns or successors in interest, for and on account of or with reference to actions, acts or conduct of Consultant (or Richard Ormond), or in connection with any of the duties or functions undertaken or performed Consultant. In the event of any such action against Consultant, Consultant shall be entitled to have advanced, from time to time, by the Company, funds for costs reasonably necessary in connection with the defense of such action or actions. The Consultant shall be covered as an officer under the Company&rsquo;s director and officer liability insurance policies. Consultant shall, in addition, be entitled to obtain a director and officer liability insurance policy, of its choosing, covering Consultant only for all insurable risks, at the sole cost of the Company, for a minimum of USD$5,000,000. The Company shall also maintain any such insurance coverage for Consultant for a period of not less than six (6)