COMPANY: Unknown
FILED: 2024-01-05
SOURCE: SEC EDGAR

EX-4.1 2 icct_ex41.htm FORM OF CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE icct_ex41.htm EXHIBIT 4.1 &nbsp; NEITHER THIS NOTE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THIS NOTE IS CONVERTIBLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE.&nbsp; THESE SECURITIES HAVE BEEN SOLD IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE &#8220; SECURITIES ACT &#8221;), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. &nbsp; ICORECONNECT INC. &nbsp; CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE &nbsp; Issuance Date: [ ] , 2023 Original Principal Amount: $[ ] Note No. ICCT-3 &nbsp; &nbsp; FOR VALUE RECEIVED, iCoreConnect Inc. a Delaware corporation (the " Company "), hereby promises to pay to the order of [ ] , an individual or registered assigns (the " Holder ") the amount set out above as the Original Principal Amount (as reduced pursuant to the terms hereof pursuant to redemption, conversion or otherwise, the " Principal ") when due, whether upon the Maturity Date (as defined below), acceleration, redemption or otherwise (in each case in accordance with the terms hereof) and to pay interest (" Interest ") on any outstanding Principal at the applicable Interest Rate from the date set out above as the Issuance Date (the " Issuance Date ") until the same becomes due and payable, upon the Maturity Date or acceleration, conversion, redemption or otherwise (in each case in accordance with the terms hereof). &nbsp; The Original Principal Amount is $[ ] ([ ]) plus accrued and unpaid interest and any other fees. The Original Principal Amount is payable by wire transfer. The Holder shall pay $[ ] upon closing of this Note. For purposes hereof, the term &#8220;Outstanding Balance&#8221; means the Original Principal Amount, as reduced or increased, as the case may be, pursuant to the terms hereof for conversion, breach hereof or otherwise, plus any accrued but unpaid interest, collection and enforcements costs, and any other fees, penalties, damages or charges incurred under this Note. This Note is being issued pursuant to that securities purchase agreement dated on or about the Issuance Date (the &#8220; Purchase Agreement &#8221;) between the Company and Holder. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement. &nbsp; (1) GENERAL TERMS &nbsp; (a) Payment of Principal . The " Maturity Date " shall be [ ], as may be extended at the option of the Holder in the event that, and for so long as, an Event of Default (as defined below) shall not have occurred and be continuing on the Maturity Date (as may be extended pursuant to this Section 1) or any event shall not have occurred and be continuing on the Maturity Date (as may be extended pursuant to this Section 1) that with the passage of time and the failure to cure would result in an Event of Default. &nbsp; &nbsp; 1 &nbsp; &nbsp; (b) Interest . An interest charge of&nbsp;[ ] percent ([ ]%) per annum (&#8220; Interest Rate &#8221;) shall accrue on any outstanding balance owing hereunder. Interest hereunder shall be paid on the Maturity Date (or sooner as provided herein) to the Holder or its assignee in whose name this Note is registered on the records of the Company regarding registration and transfers of Notes in cash or, at the option of the Company, converted into Common Stock at the Conversion Price. &nbsp; (2) EVENTS OF DEFAULT. &nbsp; (a) An &#8220; Event of Default &#8221;, wherever used herein, means any one of the following events (whatever the reason and whether it shall be voluntary or involuntary or effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court, or any order, rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body): &nbsp; (i) The Company's failure to pay to the Holder any amount of Principal, Interest, or other amounts when and as due under this Note (including, without limitation, the Company's failure to pay any redemption payments or amounts hereunder); &nbsp; (ii) A Conversion Failure as defined in section 3(b)(ii) &nbsp; (iii) The Company or any subsidiary of the Company shall commence, or there shall be commenced against the Company or any subsidiary of the Company under any applicable bankruptcy or insolvency laws as now or hereafter in effect or any successor thereto, or the Company or any subsidiary of the Company commences any other proceeding under any reorganization, arrangement, adjustment of debt, relief of debtors, dissolution, insolvency or liquidation or similar law of any jurisdiction whether now or hereafter in effect relating to the Company or any subsidiary of the Company or there is commenced against the Company or any subsidiary of the Company any such bankruptcy, insolvency or other proceeding which, with respect to all of the actions set forth above, remains undismissed for a period of 61 days; or the Company or any subsidiary of the Company is adjudicated insolvent or bankrupt; or any order of relief or other order approving any such case or proceeding is entered; or the Company or any subsidiary of the Company suffers any appointment of any custodian, private or court appointed receiver or the like for it or any substantial part of its property which continues undischarged or unstayed for a period of sixty one (61) days. &nbsp; (iv) The Company shall fail to maintain the registration of its Common Stock under Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. &nbsp; (b) Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default that has not been cured within thirty calendar days from the date of the Event of Default (a &#8220;Cure Failure&#8221;), the Outstanding Balance immediately prior to the occurrence of the Event of Default shall increase by 110% (the &#8220;Default Effect&#8221;) and a penalty of $100 (one hundred) per day shall accrue until the default is remedied. The Default Effect shall automatically apply upon the occurrence of an Event of Default without the need for any party to give any notice or take any other action. In addition, all amounts due and payable under the Note shall, at the election of the holder, accelerate and become immediately due and payable upon notice from the Holder to the Company. &nbsp; (3) CONVERSION OF NOTE . This Note shall be convertible into shares of the Company's Common Stock, on the terms and conditions set forth in this Section 3. &nbsp; &nbsp; 2 &nbsp; &nbsp; (a) Conversion Right . Subject to the provisions of Section 3(c), at any time after the Issuance Date, the Holder shall be entitled to convert any portion of the outstanding and unpaid Conversion Amount (as defined below) into fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock in accordance with Section 3(b), at the Conversion Price (as defined below). The number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of any Conversion Amount pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall be equal to the quotient of dividing the Conversion Amount by the Conversion Price. The Company shall not issue any fraction of a share of Common Stock upon any conversion. If the issuance would result in the issuance of a fraction of a share of Common Stock, the Company shall round such fraction of a share of Common Stock up to the nearest whole share. The Company shall pay any and all transfer agent fees, legal fees, costs and any other fees or costs that may be incurred or charged in connection with the issuance of shares of the Company&#8217;s Common Stock to the Holder arising out of or relating to the conversion of this Note. &nbsp; (i) " Conversion Amount " means the portion of the Original Principal Amount and Interest to be converted, plus any penalties, redeemed or otherwise with respect to which this determination is being made. &nbsp; (ii) " Conversion Price " shall equal the closing share price of the Common Stock as of the Closing Date (as defined in the Purchase Agreement). The Conversion Price shall be subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of a stock split, stock dividend or similar event; provided that the payment of any required dividend to the holders of the Company&#8217;s Series A Preferred Stock shall not cause any such adjustments. &nbsp; (b) Mechanics of Conversion . &nbsp; (i) Optional Conversion . To convert any Conversion Amount into shares of Common Stock on any date (a " Conversion Date "), the Holder shall (A) transmit by email, facsimile (or otherwise deliver), for receipt on or prior to 11:59 p.m., New York, NY Time, on such date, a copy of an executed notice of conversion (the " Conversion Notice ") to the Company. On or before the third Business Day following the date of receipt of a Conversion Notice (the " Share Delivery Date "), the Company shall (A) if legends are not required to be placed on certificates of Common Stock pursuant to the then existing provisions of Rule 144 of the Securities Act of 1933 (&#8220;Rule 144&#8221;) and provided that the Transfer Agent is participating in the Depository Trust Company's (" DTC ") Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program, credit such aggregate number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder shall be entitled to the Holder's or its designee's balance account with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission system, (B) if legends are not required to be placed on certificates of Common Stock pursuant to the then existing provisions of Rule 144 and if the Transfer Agent is not participating in the DTC Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program, issue and deliver to the address as specified in the Conversion Notice, a book-entry confirmation, registered in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of shares of Common Stock