COMPANY: Unknown
FILED: 2024-08-30
SOURCE: SEC EDGAR

EX-10.1 2 dp217172_ex1001.htm EXHIBIT 10.1 &nbsp; Exhibit 10.1 &nbsp; &nbsp; CONSULTING AGREEMENT &nbsp; This Consulting Agreement (the &quot;Agreement&quot;), by and between Superior Industries International, Inc. (the &quot;Company&quot;), a Delaware corporation with an address at 26600 Telegraph Road, Suite 400, Southfield, MI 48033, and Tim Trenary (the &quot;Consultant&quot;) with an address at 1220 Sandringham Way, Bloomfield Hills, MI 48301, is effective as of the date of Consultant&rsquo;s retirement from Company (&ldquo;Effective Date&rdquo;). &nbsp; RECITALS &nbsp; WHEREAS, the Company desires to retain the Consultant as an independent contractor to perform consulting services, and Consultant is willing to perform such services, on the terms set forth below. &nbsp; NOW THEREFORE, , in consideration of the mutual promises contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows: &nbsp; AGREEMENT &nbsp; 1. Engagement of Consultant . The Company hereby engages the Consultant to act as a consultant to the Company subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and the Consultant hereby accepts such engagement. &nbsp; 2. Services . &nbsp; a. Scope of Services and Deliverables . Consultant shall perform the services to the Company described in the Statement of Work, attached hereto as Attachment A, , and as may be requested by the Company (collectively, the &quot;Services&quot;). Any information (written or oral), ideas, concepts, or contemporaneous discussion provided to Company by Consultant while rendering these Services are considered the Deliverables (defined in Section 5(e) below) to the Company in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. &nbsp; b. Manner of Provision of Services . The Company will not control the manner or means by which Consultant performs the Services, but Consultant is expected to timely perform the Services and to provide the Deliverables in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Consultant is expected to provide the Services on a remote basis, unless otherwise reasonably requested from time-to-time. &nbsp; 3. Compensation; Costs/Expenses; Travel Expenses . &nbsp; a. Compensation . The Company shall compensate Consultant for performance of the Services and provision of the Deliverables as described in the attached Statement of Work. e Consultant acknowledges and agrees that such compensation, plus the sum of $2000 per month for group &nbsp; &nbsp; 1 &nbsp; medical coverage pursuant to COBRA for so long as Consultant elects COBRA coverage, but in no event longer than nine months, shall be Consultant&rsquo;s sole compensation hereunder, and e Consultant will not, under any circumstances, be eligible for any other compensation or benefits extended to the Company&rsquo;s employees including, but not limited to, vacation, group medical or life insurance, disability, or 401k plan. The Company will not be responsible for withholding or paying any income, payroll, Social Security, or other federal, state, or local taxes, making any insurance contributions, including for unemployment or disability, or obtaining workers&rsquo; compensation insurance on Consultant&rsquo;s behalf. Consultant shall havefull and exclusive liability for and shall pay and indemnify Company for any and all taxes arising out of this Agreement. &nbsp; b. Costs/Expenses . The Company shall reimburse Consultant for his reasonable and pre-approved out-of-pocket costs and expenses arising under this Agreement. &nbsp; c. Travel Expenses . All travel expenses, including hotel accommodations that Consultant may incur must be in compliance with the Company's travel policies and approved in advance by the Company. All travel arrangements will be handled by the Company travel system. &nbsp; 4. Term and Termination . This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and terminate nine months thereafter, unless extended by mutual written agreement of the parties. Either party may terminate this Agreement with 30 days written notice, or immediately and without prior written notice if the other party is in breach of any material provision of this Agreement and such breach is not cured within five (5) business days of its occurrence. &nbsp; 5. Confidentiality; Intellectual Property . &nbsp; a. Company Materials . Consultant acknowledges that he has been given access to information and materials the Company treats as confidential and proprietary, including without limitation information pertaining to the Company&rsquo;s business, operations, strategies, customers, pricing, marketing, finances, sourcing, personnel or those of its affiliates, vendors or customers, all of which shall be considered &ldquo;Confidential Information&rdquo; as defined in Section 5(b) below. Consultant shall have no right to use, copy, or disclose any Company information, in whole or in part, except as authorized herein. All tangible Confidential Information (as defined below), including memos, documents, or any other information provided to Consultant for use in performing the Services or otherwise, shall be promptly returned to the Company or destroyed, at the Company's option, upon the Company's request or upon termination or expiration of this Agreement. &nbsp; b. Confidential Information . &quot;Confidential Information&quot; means any of the Company's proprietary information, technical data, trade secrets or know-how, including, but not limited to, research, product plans, products, services, customers, customer lists, markets, developments, inventions, processes, formulas, technology, designs, drawings, engineering, marketing, finances or other business information disclosed by the Company or accessible to Consultant before, on or after the Effective Date, either directly or indirectly in writing, visually, orally, by drawings or inspection, or through any other medium. &ldquo;Confidential Information&rdquo; also includes the Deliverables. Confidential Information does not include information which: (1) has become publicly known and made generally available through no wrongful act of Consultant; or (2) has been rightfully received by Consultant from a third party who is authorized to make such disclosure. &nbsp; &nbsp; 2 &nbsp; c. Third-Party Confidential Information. The Company does not desire to acquire from Consultant any secret or confidential know-how or information which Consultant may have acquired from others and which Consultant is not authorized or permitted to divulge to the Company. Accordingly, Consultant represents and warrants that he is free to divulge to the Company, without any obligation to, or violation of any right of others, any and all information, practices or techniques which Consultant will describe, demonstrate, divulge or in any other manner make known to the Company during Consultant&rsquo;s performance of the Services. Consultant shall indemnify and hold harmless the Company from and against any and all liability, loss, cost, expense damage, claims or demands for actual or alleged violation of the rights of others in any trade secret, know how or other confidential information by reason of the Company&rsquo;s receipt or use of the Services, Deliverables or information described above, or otherwise in connection therewith. &nbsp; d. Non-Use and Non-Disclosure . Consultant shall not, during or subsequent to the term of this Agreement, use the Company's Confidential Information for any purpose whatsoever other than the performance of the Services on behalf of the Company, or disclose the Company's Confidential Information to any third party without the prior written consent of the Company. Without the Company's prior written approval, Consultant shall not directly or indirectly disclose to anyone the existence of this Agreement or the fact that he has this arrangement with the Company. &nbsp; e. Ownership of Deliverables . The Company is and shall be, the sole and exclusive owner of all right, title, and interest throughout the world in and to all the deliverables and all the results, work product, and tangible materials prepared by Consultant in the course of providing the Services or otherwise performing his/her obligations under this Agreement (collectively, the &quot;Deliverables&quot;), including all patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, and other intellectual property rights therein. &nbsp; 6. Representations and Warranties: Consultant represents and warrants that: (i) he has the power to enter into this Agreement, to grant the rights granted herein and to perform fully all of his obligations under this Agreement, (ii) Consultant&rsquo;s entering into this Agreement with the Company and Consultant&rsquo;s performance of the Services do not and will not conflict with or result in any breach or default under any other agreement to which Consultant is subject, (iii) he has the required skill, experience, and qualifications to perform the Services, he shall perform the Services in a professional and workmanlike manner in accordance with generally recognized standards for similar services, and he shall devote sufficient resources to ensure the Services are performed, and the Deliverables are delivered, in a timely and reliable manner, (iv) he shall perform the Services and all other obligations under this Agreement in compliance with Company policies, the Code of Conduct, and all applicable international, federal, state, and local laws and regulations, including without limitation the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the Economic Espionage Act, and all applicable anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws, (v) the Company will receive good and valid title to all Deliverables, free and clear of all encumbrances and liens of any kind, and (vi) all Deliverables are and shall be Consultant&rsquo;s original work and do not and will not violate or infringe upon the intellectual property or any other rights