COMPANY: Unknown
FILED: 2024-05-24
SOURCE: SEC EDGAR

EX-10.1 2 sodi_ex101.htm LOAN AGREEMENT sodi_ex101.htm EXHIBIT 10.1 LOAN AGREEMENT &nbsp; This Loan Agreement, dated as of May 21, 2024, is entered into between BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. (the "Bank") and SOLITRON DEVICES, INC., a Delaware corporation (the "Borrower"). &nbsp; 1. DEFINITIONS &nbsp; In addition to the terms which are defined elsewhere in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings indicated for the purposes of this Agreement: &nbsp; 1.1 "Beneficial Ownership Certification" means a certificate regarding beneficial ownership required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. &nbsp; 1.2 "Beneficial Ownership Regulation" means C.F.R. &#167; 1010.230. &nbsp; 1.3 "Flood Insurance Laws" means, collectively, (a) the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968, (b) the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973, and (c) the National Flood Insurance Reform Act of 1994, and any regulations promulgated pursuant thereto, each as amended and together with any successor law of such type. &nbsp; 1.4 "Guarantor" means Micro Engineering, Inc., a Florida corporation. &nbsp; 1.5 " Land " means the land described in and encumbered by the Mortgage. &nbsp; 1.6 "Mortgage" means that certain Mortgage, Assignment of Rents, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing (as amended or restated from time to time), dated as of May 21, 2024, given by the Guarantor to the Bank, encumbering the Mortgaged Property, to be recorded in the Official Public Records of Orange County, Florida. &nbsp; 1.7 "Mortgaged Property" means the real property and other property of the Guarantor encumbered by the Mortgage, as more particularly described in the Mortgage. &nbsp; 1.8 "Obligor" means Borrower, Guarantor or the pledgor of collateral. &nbsp; 2. $1,400,000.00 TERM LOAN &nbsp; 2.1 Loan Amount. &nbsp; The Borrower shall be entitled to borrow from the Lender an amount not exceeding One Million Four Hundred Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($1,400,000.00) (the "Loan") at all times subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein. The Loan shall be evidenced by a Promissory Note (as amended, extended or renewed from time to time, the "Note") of even date herewith executed by the Borrower in favor of the Bank in the original principal amount of One Million Four Hundred Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($1,400,000.00). The Note is expressly NOT incorporated herein pursuant to Section 201.08(6), Florida Statues and Rules 12B-4.052(6)(b) and (12)(g), Florida Administrative Code. &nbsp; 2.2 Availability Period. &nbsp; The Borrower shall be entitled to a single advance in the amount of the Note between the date hereof and May 24, 2024 &nbsp; 2.3 Payments and Interest. &nbsp; The Note shall bear interest at the rate set forth in the Note and shall be payable as set forth in the Note. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; 3. COLLATERAL &nbsp; Mortgaged Property. &nbsp; The obligations of the Borrower under the Note will be secured by a lien on the Mortgaged Property more particularly described in the Mortgage. &nbsp; The Bank's lien on the Mortgaged Property shall be subject only to such liens and encumbrances as the Bank shall permit. &nbsp; 4. LOAN ADMINISTRATION AND FEES &nbsp; 4.1 Fees. &nbsp; The Borrower will pay to the Bank the fees set forth on Exhibit "A". &nbsp; 4.2 Collection of Payments. &nbsp; (a) Payments will be made by debit to a deposit account, if direct debit is provided for in this Agreement or is otherwise authorized by the Borrower. For payments not made by direct debit, payments will be made by mail to the address shown on the Borrower's statement, or by such other method as may be permitted by the Bank. &nbsp; &nbsp; (b) Each disbursement by the Bank and each payment by the Borrower will be evidenced by records kept by the Bank which will, absent manifest error, be conclusively presumed to be correct and accurate and constitute an account stated between the Borrower and the Bank. &nbsp; 4.3 Borrower's Instructions. &nbsp; Subject to the terms, conditions and procedures stated elsewhere in this Agreement, the Bank may honor instructions for advances or repayments and any other instructions under the Note given by any one of the individuals the Bank reasonably believes is authorized to sign loan agreements on behalf of the Borrower, or any other individual(s) designated by any one of such authorized signers (each an "Authorized Individual"). The Bank may honor any such instructions made by any one of the Authorized Individuals, whether such instructions are given in writing or by telephone, telefax or Internet and Intranet websites designated by the Bank with respect to separate products or services offered by the Bank. &nbsp; 4.4 Direct Debit with ACH Debit. &nbsp; (a) The Borrower agrees that on the due date of any amount due under the Note or this Agreement, the Bank will debit the amount due from deposit account number 898126353513 with the Bank owned by the Guarantor (the "Designated Account"). Should there be insufficient funds in the Designated Account to pay all such sums when due, the full amount of such deficiency shall be immediately due and payable by the Borrower. &nbsp; &nbsp; (b) The Borrower may terminate this direct debit arrangement at any time by sending written notice to the Bank at the address specified at the end of this Agreement. If the Borrower terminates this arrangement, then the principal amount outstanding under the applicable Note will at the option of the Bank bear interest at a rate per annum which is one percentage point (1.0%) higher than the rate of interest otherwise provided under the applicable Note. &nbsp; 4.5 Banking Days. &nbsp; Unless otherwise provided in this Agreement, a banking day is a day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks are authorized to close, or are in fact closed, in the state where the Bank's lending office is located, and, if such day relates to amounts bearing interest at a Reference Rate, in New York City. All payments and disbursements which would be due on a day which is not a banking day will be due on the next banking day. &nbsp; &nbsp; 2 &nbsp; &nbsp; 4.6 Interest Calculation. &nbsp; Except as otherwise stated in the Note or this Agreement, all interest and fees, if any, will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year and the actual number of days elapsed. This results in more interest or a higher fee than if a 365-day year is used. Installments of principal which are not paid when due under this Agreement shall continue to bear interest until paid. &nbsp; 4.7 Default Rate. &nbsp; Automatically upon the occurrence any Event of Default, all amounts owing under the Note and this Agreement, including any unpaid interest, fees or costs, will at the option of the Bank bear interest at a rate which is six percentage points (6.0%) higher than the rate of interest otherwise provided under the Note. This may result in compounding of interest. This will not constitute a waiver of any Event of Default. &nbsp; 5. CONDITIONS &nbsp; Before the Bank is required to extend any credit to the Borrower under the Note or this Agreement, it must receive any documents and other items it may reasonably require, in form and content acceptable to the Bank, including any items specifically listed below. &nbsp; 5.1 Authorizations. &nbsp; Evidence that the execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower and the Guarantor, as applicable, of this Agreement and/or any instrument or agreement required under this Agreement have been duly authorized. &nbsp; 5.2 Governing Documents. &nbsp; A copy of Borrower's and Guarantor's organizational documents. &nbsp; 5.3 Mortgage. &nbsp; Signed original Mortgage covering the Mortgaged Property which the Bank requires. &nbsp; 5.4 Guaranty &nbsp; Guaranty Agreement signed by the Guarantor. &nbsp; 5.5 Perfection and Evidence of Priority. &nbsp; Evidence that the security interests and liens in favor of the Bank are valid, enforceable, properly perfected in a manner acceptable to the Bank and prior to all others' rights and interests, except those the Bank consents to in writing. &nbsp; 5.6 Payment of Fees. &nbsp; Payment of all fees and other amounts due and owing to the Bank, including without limitation payment of all accrued and unpaid expenses incurred by the Bank as required by the paragraph entitled "Expenses." &nbsp; 5.7 Good Standing. &nbsp; Certificates of good standing for Borrower from its state of formation and from any other state in which Borrower is required to qualify to conduct its business. &nbsp; &nbsp; 3 &nbsp; &nbsp; 5.8 Insurance. &nbsp; Evidence of insurance coverage, as required in the "Covenants" section of this Agreement. &nbsp; 5.9 Title Insurance. &nbsp; An ALTA lender's title insurance policy (on a form acceptable to the Bank and from a title company acceptable to the Bank), for One Million Four Hundred Thousand ($1,400,000.00) insuring the Bank's interest in the Mortgaged Property, with only such exceptions as may be approved by the Bank and together with such endorsements as the Bank may require &nbsp; 5.10 Environmental Assessment. &nbsp; If required by the Bank, a completed Phase I environmental site assessment prepared by a qualified third party consultant approved by the Bank, disclosing any potential toxic or hazardous condition with respect to the Mortgaged Property, acceptable to the Bank and its consultant, together with a certification signed by the Borrower regarding the environmental information provided to the Bank. &nbsp; 5.11 Know Your Customer Information. &nbsp; (i) Upon the request of the Bank, the Borrower shall have provided to the Bank, and the Bank shall be reasonably satisfied with, the documentation and other information so requested in connection with applicable "know your customer" and anti-money-laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the PATRIOT Act. &nbsp; &nbsp; (ii) Any Borrower that qualifies as a "legal entity customer" under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation shall deli