COMPANY: Unknown
FILED: 2024-03-25
SOURCE: SEC EDGAR

EX-10.1 2 ex10-1.htm &nbsp; Exhibit 10.1 &nbsp; INDEMNITY AGREEMENT &nbsp; This Indemnity Agreement (this &ldquo; Agreement &rdquo;), dated as of _____________, 202_, is made by and between SELECTIS HEALTH, INC., a Utah corporation (the &ldquo; Company &rdquo;), and____________________, a director and/or officer of the Company (the &ldquo; Indemnitee &rdquo;). &nbsp; RECITALS &nbsp; A. The Company is aware that competent and experienced persons are increasingly reluctant to serve as directors or officers of corporations unless they are protected by comprehensive liability insurance and/or indemnification, due to increased exposure to litigation costs and risks resulting from their service to such corporations, and due to the fact that the exposure frequently bears no reasonable relationship to the compensation of such directors and officers; &nbsp; B. Based on their experience as business managers, the Board of Directors of the Company (the &ldquo; Board &rdquo;) has concluded that, to retain and attract talented and experienced individuals to serve as officers and directors of the Company, and to encourage such individuals to take the business risks necessary for the success of the Company, it is necessary for the Company contractually to indemnify officers and directors and to assume for itself maximum liability for expenses and damages in connection with claims against such officers and directors in connection with their service to the Company; &nbsp; C. Section 841 of the Utah Revised Business Corporation Act, under which the Company is organized (the &ldquo; Law &rdquo;), empowers the Company to indemnify by agreement its officers, directors, employees and agents, and persons who serve, at the request of the Company, as directors, officers, employees or agents of other corporations or enterprises, and expressly provides that the indemnification provided by the Law is not exclusive; and &nbsp; D. The Company desires to attract and retain the services of highly qualified individuals, such as Indemnitee, and to indemnify its directors and officers so as to provide them with the maximum protection permitted by law. &nbsp; AGREEMENT &nbsp; NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows: &nbsp; 1. Definitions . &nbsp; 1.1 Expenses . For purposes of this Agreement, &ldquo; expenses &rdquo; includes all direct and indirect costs of any type or nature whatsoever (including, without limitation, all attorneys&rsquo; fees and related disbursements and other out-of-pocket costs) actually and reasonably incurred by the Indemnitee in connection with the investigation, defense or appeal of a proceeding or establishing or enforcing a right to indemnification or advancement of expenses under this Agreement, Section 841 or otherwise. &nbsp; 1.2 Proceeding . For the purposes of this Agreement, &ldquo; proceeding &rdquo; means any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or other proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, investigative or any other type whatsoever. &nbsp; 1 &nbsp; &nbsp; 1.3 Subsidiary . For purposes of this Agreement, &ldquo; subsidiary &rdquo; means any corporation of which more than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding voting securities is owned directly or indirectly by the Company, by the Company and one or more of its subsidiaries or by one or more of the Company&rsquo;s subsidiaries. &nbsp; 2. Agreement to Serve . The Indemnitee agrees to serve and/or continue to serve as director or officer of the Company, faithfully and to the best of his ability, so long as he is duly appointed or elected and qualified in accordance with the applicable provisions of the charter documents of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company; provided , however , that (i) Indemnitee may at any time and for any reason resign from such position (subject to any contractual obligation that the Indemnitee may have assumed apart from this Agreement), and (ii) the Company or any subsidiary shall have no obligation under this Agreement to continue the Indemnitee&rsquo;s service in any such director or officer position. &nbsp; 3. Directors&rsquo; and Officers&rsquo; Insurance . The Company shall, to the extent that the Board determines it to be economically reasonable, maintain a policy of directors&rsquo; and officers&rsquo; liability insurance (&ldquo; D&amp;O Insurance &rdquo;), on such terms and conditions as may be approved by the Board. &nbsp; 4. Mandatory Indemnification . Subject to Section 9 below, the Company shall indemnify the Indemnitee: &nbsp; 4.1 Third Party Actions . If the Indemnitee is a person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any proceeding (other than an action by or in the right of the Company) by reason of the fact that he is or was an officer or director of the Company, or by reason of anything done or not done by him in any such capacity, against any and all expenses and liabilities of any type whatsoever (including, but not limited to, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes or penalties and amounts paid in settlement) actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with the investigation, defense, settlement or appeal of such proceeding if he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in, or not opposed to, the best interests of the Company and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful; and &nbsp; 4.2 Derivative Actions . If the Indemnitee is a person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that he is or was an officer or director of the Company, or by reason of anything done or not done by him in any such capacity, against any amounts paid in settlement of any such proceeding and all expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with the investigation, defense, settlement or appeal of such proceeding if he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in, or not opposed to, the best interests of the Company; except that no indemnification under this subsection shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been finally adjudged to be liable to the Company by a court of competent jurisdiction due to willful misconduct of a culpable nature in the performance of his duty to the Company, unless and only to the extent that the Court of Chancery or the court in which such proceeding was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such amounts which the Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper; and &nbsp; 2 &nbsp; &nbsp; 4.3 Exception for Amounts Covered by Insurance . Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not be obligated to indemnify the Indemnitee for expenses or liabilities of any type whatsoever (including, but not limited to, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes or penalties and amounts paid in settlement) to the extent such have been paid directly to the Indemnitee by D&amp;O Insurance. &nbsp; 5. Partial Indemnification and Contribution . &nbsp; 5.1 Partial Indemnification . If the Indemnitee is entitled under any provision of this Agreement to indemnification by the Company for some or a portion of any expenses or liabilities of any type whatsoever (including, but not limited to, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes or penalties and amounts paid in settlement) incurred by him in the investigation, defense, settlement or appeal of a proceeding but is not entitled, however, to indemnification for all of the total amount thereof, then the Company shall nevertheless indemnify the Indemnitee for such total amount except as to the portion thereof to which the Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification. &nbsp; 5.2 Contribution . If the Indemnitee is not entitled to the indemnification provided in Section 4 for any reason other than the statutory limitations set forth in the Law, then in respect of any threatened, pending or completed proceeding in which the Company is jointly liable with the Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such proceeding), the Company shall contribute to the amount of expenses (including attorneys&rsquo; fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred and paid or payable by the Indemnitee in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect (i) the relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand and the Indemnitee on the other hand from the transaction from which such proceeding arose and (ii) the relative fault of the Company on the one hand and of the Indemnitee on the other hand in connection with the events which resulted in such expenses, judgments, fines or settlement amounts, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of the Company on the one hand and of the Indemnitee on the other hand shall be determined by reference to, among other things, the parties&rsquo; relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent the circumstances resulting in such expenses, judgments, fines or settlement amounts. The Company agrees that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 5 were determined by pro rata allocation or any other method of allocation which does not take account of the foregoing equitable considerations. &nbsp; 6. Mandatory Advancement of Expenses . &nbsp; 6.1 Advancement . Subject to Section 9 below, the Company shall advance all expenses incurred by the Indemnitee in connection with the investigation, defense, settlement or appeal of any proceeding to which the Indemnitee is a party or is threatened to be made a party by reason of the fact that the Indemnitee is or was a 